packages/swirl-components/src/components/swirl-table-column/swirl-table-column.mdx, before:

import { Controls, Canvas, Meta, Story } from "@storybook/addon-docs";
import * as Stories from "./swirl-table-column.stories";

<Meta title="Components/SwirlTableColumn" />

# SwirlTableColumn

The SwirlTableColumn component is used to display a column inside a
[SwirlTable component](?path=/docs/components-swirltable--docs).

- **[Figma Design Specs](https://www.figma.com/file/iRHiAFsHxnzux8gQ9EjlZe/Swirl-Components?node-id=2368%3A11396)**
- **[Source Code](https://github.com/flip-corp/swirl/tree/main/packages/swirl-components/src/components/swirl-table-column)**

## Usage

<Canvas of={Stories.SwirlTableColumn} sourceState="shown"></Canvas>

<Controls of={Stories.SwirlTableColumn} />

## Theming

| Variable              | Usage                          |
| --------------------- | ------------------------------ |
| `--s-text-subdued`    | Text color of the column       |
| `--s-border-default`  | Border color of the column     |
| `--s-surface-default` | Background color of the column |

## Accessibility

### ARIA

The component follows the
[WAI-ARIA Table Pattern](https://www.w3.org/WAI/ARIA/apg/patterns/table/).

| ARIA                  | Usage                   |
| --------------------- | ----------------------- |
| `role="columnheader"` |                         |
| `aria-sort`           | Set on a sorted column. |

Commit message:

feat: add header variant to swirl-table-column (#1363)

packages/swirl-components/src/components/swirl-table-column/swirl-table-column.mdx, after:

import { Controls, Canvas, Meta, Story } from "@storybook/addon-docs";
import * as Stories from "./swirl-table-column.stories";

<Meta title="Components/SwirlTableColumn" />

# SwirlTableColumn

The SwirlTableColumn component is used to display a column inside a
[SwirlTable component](?path=/docs/components-swirltable--docs).

- **[Figma Design Specs](https://www.figma.com/file/iRHiAFsHxnzux8gQ9EjlZe/Swirl-Components?node-id=2368%3A11396)**
- **[Source Code](https://github.com/flip-corp/swirl/tree/main/packages/swirl-components/src/components/swirl-table-column)**

## Usage

<Canvas of={Stories.SwirlTableColumn} sourceState="shown"></Canvas>

<Controls of={Stories.SwirlTableColumn} />

## Theming

| Variable             | Usage                      |
| -------------------- | -------------------------- |
| `--s-text-subdued`   | Text color of the column   |
| `--s-border-default` | Border color of the column |

### Variant: default

| Variable              | Usage                          |
| --------------------- | ------------------------------ |
| `--s-surface-default` | Background color of the column |

### Variant: sunken

| Variable                     | Usage                          |
| ---------------------------- | ------------------------------ |
| `--s-surface-sunken-default` | Background color of the column |

## Accessibility

### ARIA

The component follows the
[WAI-ARIA Table Pattern](https://www.w3.org/WAI/ARIA/apg/patterns/table/).

| ARIA                  | Usage                   |
| --------------------- | ----------------------- |
| `role="columnheader"` |                         |
| `aria-sort`           | Set on a sorted column. |
